# Airbnb-dataset-cleaning
# First of all the link of the dataset is : https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/arianazmoudeh/airbnbopendata . at first import pandas library to load the dataset and also clean the dataset with this library.The get the full information of the dataset. Moreover check is there any missing values present in the dataset or not. After that see how many percent of data missing in each column. The moto to dig the dataset is to deleting redunt columns,renaming the columns, dropping duplicates, cleaning individual column, remove the nan values from the dataset, check for some more informations. Then the first step is to remove all the unnecessary columns from the dataset. After dropping the unnnecessary columns rename one of the column in the dataset. In the Airbnb dataset there are 541 rows of data which were duplicated. Thats why in the second step, the duplicated data are removing. After dropping some coumns and removing the duplicates the shape of the dataset became 102058, 19 where 102058 is the number of rows and 19 is the number of columns. In the third step, after removing all the null value rows and columns the final shape of the dataset became 99342, 18. By using lambda function instant_bookable columns value is changed into 1 and 0 inplace of True and False. Then in this stage, price and service fee columns are changed onto int columns which were string type at first. And in the final stage, the cleanded dataset are saved into csv and excel format which are also loaded in my github reposit
ory.
